you
I am John from Southie sales we are a
honda kawasaki KTM dealership located in
milwaukee wisconsin we've been here
going on 51 years now we pride ourselves
in customer service and being a
dealership that supports the sport and
the riders and the people that are
involved in it we've been doing this a
very long time we have a veteran staff
here when you come into our dealership
you're going to notice the same faces
the same people part of being a honda
kawasaki KTM dealer is is that we are in
motorcycles atvs side-by-sides personal
watercraft we also carry honda power
equipment we deal with sport touring
riders touring cruiser daily commuters
people that race on-road off-road dual
sport we go to four different motocross
tracks for 2015 we will be going to Pine
Ridge sunset mount carroll and Tigertown
issues we come to our service department
two of our top technicians have been
with us over 25 years plus our goal here
is one hundred percent complete customer
satisfaction I'm in charge of the parts
department so if you're looking for any
type of part or apparel we're real
competitive with online pricing and
stuff like that so make sure you check
us before you place that order our
service department is KTM orange level
certified we have the best guys in the
area as far as mechanics go service
Texaco so if you guys need something
service wise contact joel mike or Dan
they're there to take care of all your
needs like to give a special thank you
to my grandparents who started this in
1964 I'm unwired and also the Terry
champagne who's been with us and
recently retired for over 50 years
they're all like family we wouldn't be
here today if it wasn't for those three
also coming up to spring
we are going to have a lot of events you
can check out an events page right on
our website or sign up for our email
newsletter obviously also follow us on
social media everything will be posted
there come ride with us come to an event
with us and join us at our bike nights I
quit your steak and lube on Wednesday
night thanks for checking us out don't
forget to visit us online at Southeast
sales com or give us a call here at the
shop
you